---
layout: post
title: Jerimy Perez's Weekly Reflection 08
date: 2018-11-9
---

# Weekly Reflection 08

This week we learned about "structs"(structures) and function design. In the lesson that introduced us to Structures, we went over the different types of data that a function produces such as Number, Image, String and a new one that was introduced to us; Posn, which is short for position. We also went over example values, like 1, 60, "solid". Finally, we reviewed the different functions that produce these values; +, -, cricle, triangle and string - append. The Posn function is used when you want to represent the position of an ordered pair on a coordinate plane. When you make a Posn, you use the Constructor Function, ;make-posn: Number Number -> Posn. An example woould be, (make-posn 3 4). This would represent a point that has a 3 in it's x-value and a 4 in it's y-value. If you would like to define this function to a letter(let's say "P") you would have use the define function like this: (define P(make-posn 3 4)). This would define "P" to that specific Posn. Another useful tip is that if you use the Accessor Function, ;posn-x: Posn -> Number or ;posn-y: Posn -> Number, it will give you the y/x value of that certain Posn, depending on which function you use. For example, if you didn't know the x-value of the posn mentioned earlier, you would type in: (posn-x P), and that would give you the x-vale(in this case, 3). Later on in the week, we dove into function designs and definitons. We were tasked to defne different functions so that if you only only have to change one aspect of the function(Ex. A string; Size) and the rest of the function stays the same. This helped me familiarize myself with these functions and helped me practice them more effeciently. Overall, this week helped me reinforce my understanding of functions, helping me recognize them easier and what they represent.
