---
layout: post
title: Jerimy Perez's Weekly Reflection 07
date: 2018-11-2
---

Throughout this week, we learned about many small concepts such as the structure of a contract and what type of data the function applications produce. We needed to understand these small but important concepts in order to process the "main idea" of the week. The main idea of this week were "Function Definitions". In order to understand and apply a function definition, we first had to fully understand what a contract is. A contract is the structure of any specific function. The contract guides and "tells" the programmer what to type and code into the function application. In a Function appplication you define any function, that you create or already exists, to another function. You then add an argument to the fucntion,(Example: Size,Color) so that when you type the function with the specific argument that you want, the specific function that you defined will apear with that string(argument). This makes it easier because then all you have to type is the keyword(function that you created) and a string(argument) and then the image will appear. For example, if you would want to create a "solid" "green" triangle of any size... you would apply this function to another function. Lets say the function we would want to apply(define) it to is "gt". The defininiton for this would be ```(define (gt size)(triangle size "solid" "green"))```. This would make it so that when you type gt and the size(any number) in paranthesis, the triangle with the specific size will appear. An example would be ```(gt 20)```. This would make a solid grren triangle with the size of 20. It is the same as if you were to type in ```(traingle 20 "solid" "green")```. Using Function Definintions are an easier and more efficient way of creating images.

