---
layout: post
title: Jerimy Perez's Weekly Reflection 09
date: 2018-11-16
---
# Weekly Reflection 09

 This week, we learned about the difference between value and function definitions. We also refreshed our memory of the define function. There were some mistakes made and we worked together to fix them. We used the define function in order to define our age in years, our name, and our eye-color. When we were asked to define our age in years, a mistake that was made went like this; ```(define age-in-years(14))```. There are two mistakes here. One of them is that the value(or argument), 14, doesn't have a function that it's "arguing for". To fix this, we would put the open parenthesis around the function "age-in-years" as well. Now the value 14 is with the function. Another mistake is that there are no quotation marks over the 14 meaning the computer will read this as a function then resulting in an error since 14 isn't a function. The quotation marks make it so that it is a string. After this, we went over the differences between value and function definitions. A value is what is contained in a function. It is the argument of the function. An example would be strings or numbers such as: "Solid" or "21". A function needs a value(arguments) in order for that function to work. Another way that we looked at this was that the expression(a function with its values) can be viewed as a sentence where the function is a verb and the values are the nouns. In closing, this was a summary of one class period, I wasn't here for most of the classes this week which is really not good. Next week, I will work harder to come early and get to work. :+1:
