---
layout: post
title: Jerimy Perez's Benchmark Reflection
date: 2018-10-26
---

# Benchmark Reflection

  So far in the semester, we have learned about many different concepts. We learned about the web and Github pages(how to operate and create files in Github). During this time, we first started creating our Github websites so that we could soon start posting weekly reflections as I am doing now. We learned about math expressions and how to turn them into code that the computer will understand, using the  of cricles of evaluation method. With the circles of Evaluation, you would take a math expression and transform them into "cricle expressions", if you will. The function(operation) always goes on the top of the circle and then the values on the bottom. If there were multiple expressions then there would be several overlapping circles. Later on, we learned about different HTML Tags and what they do. An HTML tag is basically an into or end to your writing(code). For example, if you want to write a paragraph you would first type in "< p >", "your text" and then a "</ p >" at the end. There are many different types of HTML tags but I won't go into full detail right now. In addition to this, we learned about contracts and we also applied contracts(in the context of code) to our Flag projects. Contracts are notes to yourself and in order for them to be used in code, you would have to use the examples of the contract. A contract is general but an example is specific. These contract examples created expressions and images. The arguments in a contract example changes the outcome of the value and/or image. Some students also applied definitions to the contracts to make it easier when using large amounts of code. A definition is when you set a certain word to a certain amount of code, so when you type in the "keyword", the code will show up automatically. Earlier this week, we also started working on our first video game project. We worked together as pairs to change the code of our M.W.E for our video game. In fact, before this, we worked in pairs to create different images using contracts. One connection I see is that we familiarized oursleves with these certain contratcs first so that we could then apply even more complex ones to our video game. Overall, we have trully learned alot through only 1/3 of the semester. I can't image what more we will learn in the upcoming weeks.
